doc: update snap-clone with rbd snapshot (#1546)
ceph/ceph-csi: docs/snap-clone.md

# Create snapshot and Clone Volume

- [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
- [Create CephFS snapshot and Clone Volume](#create-cephfs-snapshot-and-clone-volume)
  - [Snapshot](#snapshot)
    - [Create snapshotclass](#create-snapshotclass)
    - [Create snapshot](#create-snapshot)
  - [Restore snapshot to a new PVC](#restore-snapshot-to-a-new-pvc)
  - [Clone PVC](#clone-pvc)

> - [Create RBD snapshot and Clone Volume](#create-rbd-snapshot-and-clone-volume)

Reviewer: keep the table content same for both cephfs and rbd, currently it looks different

Author: okay.

Also PVC cannot be deleted if it's having snapshots. Make sure all the snapshots
on the PVC are deleted before you delete the PVC.**

> ## Create CephFS snapshot and Clone Volume

Reviewer 2: **snapshot** is owercase and **Volume** is uppercase. It would be nicer to have both **Snapshot** and **Volume**, here and below for RBD

Author: done

Also PVC cannot be deleted if it's having snapshots. Make sure all the snapshots
on the PVC are deleted before you delete the PVC.**

## Create CephFS snapshot and Clone Volume

> ### Snapshot

Reviewer 2: Is this still needed? You improved the name of the title, so I think this can be removed now.

Author: I guess its better to have it as mentioned in the contents. Let me know if you still want me to remove it. I will modify the content too.

cephfs-pvc-clone     Bound    pvc-b575bc35-d521-4c41-b4f9-1d733cd28fdf   1Gi        RWX            csi-cephfs-sc  39s
cephfs-pvc-restore   Bound    pvc-95308c75-6c93-4928-a551-6b5137192209   1Gi        RWX            csi-cephfs-sc  55m
```

# Create RBD snapshot and Clone Volume

Before continuing, make sure you enabled the required
feature gate `VolumeSnapshotDataSource=true` in your Kubernetes cluster.

In the `examples/rbd` directory you will find two files related to snapshots:
[snapshotclass.yaml](./rbd/snapshotclass.yaml) and

> [snapshot.yaml](./rbd/snapshot.yaml).

Reviewer 3: These links don't seem to work for me

Author: Okay, let me check. I have mentioned as it was mentioned in README.md

```console
$ kubectl get volumesnapshot
NAME               AGE
rbd-pvc-snapshot   6s
```

### Check the status of the snapshot

```bash
$ kubectl describe volumesnapshot rbd-pvc-snapshot

Name:         rbd-pvc-snapshot
Namespace:    default
Labels:       <none>
Annotations:  <none>
API Version:  snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1alpha1
Kind:         VolumeSnapshot
Metadata:
  Creation Timestamp:  2019-02-06T08:52:34Z
  Finalizers:
    snapshot.storage.kubernetes.io/volumesnapshot-protection
  Generation:        5
  Resource Version:  84239
  Self Link:         /apis/snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/default/volumesnapshots/rbd-pvc-snapshot
  UID:               8b9b5740-29ec-11e9-8e0f-b8ca3aad030b
Spec:
  Snapshot Class Name:    csi-rbdplugin-snapclass
  Snapshot Content Name:  snapcontent-8b9b5740-29ec-11e9-8e0f-b8ca3aad030b
  Source:
    API Group:  <nil>
    Kind:       PersistentVolumeClaim
    Name:       rbd-pvc
Status:
  Creation Time:  2019-02-06T08:52:34Z
  Ready To Use:   true
  Restore Size:   1Gi
Events:           <none>
```

To be sure everything is OK you can run `rbd snap ls [your-pvc-name]` inside
one of your Ceph pod.

### Restore the snapshot

> To restore the snapshot to a new PVC, deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore the snapshot to a new PVC, create
[pvc-restore.yaml](../examples/rbd/pvc-restore.yaml)
and a testing pod [pod-restore.yaml](../examples/rbd/pod-restore.yaml)
```

cephfs-pvc-clone     Bound    pvc-b575bc35-d521-4c41-b4f9-1d733cd28fdf   1Gi        RWX            csi-cephfs-sc  39s
cephfs-pvc-restore   Bound    pvc-95308c75-6c93-4928-a551-6b5137192209   1Gi        RWX            csi-cephfs-sc  55m
```

# Create RBD snapshot and Clone Volume

Before continuing, make sure you enabled the required
feature gate `VolumeSnapshotDataSource=true` in your Kubernetes cluster.

In the `examples/rbd` directory you will find two files related to snapshots:
[snapshotclass.yaml](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi/blob/master/examples/rbd/snapshotclass.yaml)

> and [snapshot.yaml](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi/blob/master/examples/rbd/snapshot.yaml).

Reviewer 3: To make it look cleaner, you can use labels and list the label+url at the bottom of the file

```

## Create RBD snapshot and Clone Volume

In the `examples/rbd` directory you will find two files related to snapshots:
[snapshotclass.yaml](../examples/rbd/snapshotclass.yaml)
and [snapshot.yaml](../examples/rbd/snapshot.yaml)

Once you created RBD PVC, you'll need to customize `snapshotclass.yaml` and
make sure the `clusterid` parameter matches `clusterid` mentioned in the
storageclass from which the PVC got created.
If you followed the documentation to create the rbdplugin, you shouldn't
have to edit any other file.

After configuring everything you needed, deploy the snapshotclass:

### Create RBD-snapshotclass

```bash
kubectl create -f snapshotclass.yaml
```

### Verify that the snapshot class was created

```console
$ kubectl get volumesnapshotclass
NAME                      AGE
csi-rbdplugin-snapclass   4s
```

### Create rbd-snapshot

```bash
kubectl create -f snapshot.yaml
```

### Verify if your volume snapshot has successfully been created

```console
$ kubectl get volumesnapshot
NAME               AGE
rbd-pvc-snapshot   6s
```

### Check the status of the snapshot

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: this contains output, not only commands, so it should be marked `console`

Author: done.
